.github/SECURITY.md, before:

# Security Policy

**PLEASE DON'T DISCLOSE SECURITY-RELATED ISSUES PUBLICLY, [SEE BELOW](#reporting-a-vulnerability).**

## Supported Versions

Version | Security Fixes Until
--- | ---
8 | September 8th, 2021
7 | March 3rd, 2021
6 (LTS) | September 3rd, 2022
5.8	| February 26th, 2020
5.7	| September 4th, 2019
5.6	| February 7th, 2019
5.5 (LTS) | August 30th, 2020

## Reporting a Vulnerability

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an email to Taylor Otwell at taylor@laravel.com. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

### Public PGP Key

```
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: OpenPGP v2.0.8
Comment: https://sela.io/pgp/
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=zXOv
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```

Commit message:

[8.x] Add link to support policy for security fixes (#38519)
* Update SECURITY.md

* Update SECURITY.md

Co-authored-by: Taylor Otwell <taylor@laravel.com>

.github/SECURITY.md, after:

# Security Policy

**PLEASE DON'T DISCLOSE SECURITY-RELATED ISSUES PUBLICLY, [SEE BELOW](#reporting-a-vulnerability).**

## Supported Versions

Please see [our support policy](https://laravel.com/docs/releases#support-policy) for information on supported versions for security releases.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an email to Taylor Otwell at taylor@laravel.com. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

### Public PGP Key

```
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: OpenPGP v2.0.8
Comment: https://sela.io/pgp/
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=zXOv
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```
